 Since Zoo Escape is exclusive to the computer, it will be played with a combination of mouse clicks and key presses. The party interface is controlled through a process of draging and dropping characters with a mouse. Using a combination of key presses and mouse buttons players can pick up items, select them in their inventory, and use the selected item. The game will be viewed in the third-person perspective of the Flamingo, Poncho. The player can make the flamingo move about and shoot party poppers by using various different keys on the keyboard. The player can click on any animal to begin a dialogue with them, from this point it will bring up a screen that will allow the player to choose the response that they will give to the requests and statements made by the other characters, allowing them to bend the conversation in any way they wish. There are a number of different choices that are present within the game, including the ability for you to choose whether or not to save certain animals, and which animals you wish to use to save said animals. You can also choose different ways to play the game, such as, you having the option to either scare guards away or sneaking past them to avoid alerting them to your presence. There are also certain main objectives that the player must complete to win the game, however they can choose to take different routes to achieve these goals. They can also choose to do extra objectives and save extra animals, if they choose to do so. This makes the game very open-ended and leaves room for accurate psychoanalysis of the player and their actions. Also, there are various mini games scattered through the world, each of which is either controlled through the mouse, keyboard, or a combination of both.