[http://igd.cart.org/students/Williamsr http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v230/loveofthesword13/project%20ridiculous/ryan_sr.jpg]

*Williams, Ryan*- Hi! I’m Ryan Williams. I would like to pwn in 3ds Max and make a great game in project ridiculous. I want to get a good grade in the class and put Game Design on the map. 

[http://igd.cart.org/students/plasencia http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v230/loveofthesword13/project%20ridiculous/jacob_plasencia_sr.jpg]

*Plasencia, Jacob*- My goals are to learn more about the programs Max. and flash if I learn more about these two then I may consider going into the gaming industry I’m not entirely sure yet. Another goal to learn everyone’s name before we all go our separate ways.

[http://igd.cart.org/students/bates http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v230/loveofthesword13/project%20ridiculous/ryan_bates_sr.jpg]

*Bates, Ryan*- I wish to become proficient with the max program as well as create a fun game. I want to set a standard for the other game design classes to follow ours. I want to become familiar with animation and programming. I want to have a fun and successful year. 

[http://igd.cart.org/students/burt http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v230/loveofthesword13/project%20ridiculous/robert_burt_sr.jpg]

*Burt, Robert*- I want to see what goes into making a game and to learn how to use 3D programs like MAX more proficiently.

[http://igd.cart.org/students/yarbrough http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v230/loveofthesword13/project%20ridiculous/shane_yarbrough_sr.jpg]

*Yarbrough, Shane*- I’d like to get used to using 3ds and become good with it, as well as better with modeling, if possible I’d also like this project to come out as well as possible and to look good as well, I look forward to the finished game.